[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GEORGE NOORY: A
real G-man with us
on "Beyond Belief," John DeSouza
was a former FBI Special Agent
working counterterrorism and
paranormal cases for 25 years.
He is also an attorney
and maintained
a top-secret security
clearance during his time
with the US government.
He collected the true-life
X-Files and shares many
of these in his bestselling
book The "Para-Investigators."
John, welcome to
"Beyond Belief."
>>JOHN DESOUZA:
Thank you, George.
It's great to be here with you.
>>NOORY: What was it
like being an FBI agent?
>>DESOUZA: It was
crazy at times.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>DESOUZA: It was fascinating.
It was overwhelming sometimes.
It was amazing.
It was a great experience,
and it taught me
the investigative techniques
that I have used now
for the rest of my life in
bringing a lot of these cases
to people and making
them understand.
>>NOORY: These so-called
X-File cases, are they real?
Are they in the FBI cases?
>>DESOUZA: Well, they
are in the FBI cases.
And anyone can go look at them
at FBI Vault, at vault.fbi.gov.
Those are the
declassified repository
of all the declassified
cases that are existing.
And there's a big
old button there
that says unexplained phenomena.
You could just
smash that button,
and you can get a review of all
the unexplained phenomena, all
the X-File-type cases
on cattle mutilations,
on phenomena,
spiritual phenomena,
extra-sensory perception
cases, and UFO cases as well.
Those are all in there.
And they're available for
people to download and acquire
for free.
>>NOORY: When you
were with the FBI
and you saw these cases
come across your desk
or you looked at the
files, what did you think?
>>DESOUZA: I thought that the
world is not what we are told.
I thought that there is a sieve,
there is leaking of information
about what really is
going on and what's
really happening out there.
But if you don't
know where to look,
if you don't know exactly
where to see these things,
then most people
in the mainstream
will just simply pass by this
information and never see it.
>>NOORY: Now, you've
turned this into
your own investigative
style, which
you call para-investigations.
Tell us about that.
>>DESOUZA: Para-investigations
is a normal system
of investigative
inquiry which utilizes
regular rational
scientific means at first
but then goes beyond the
normal investigative methods
and utilizes the intuitive
abilities of the investigator
in order to uncover
truth at a level that
is unknown to regular
investigators.
>>NOORY: They don't teach
you that at the FBI, John.
Where'd you learn this?
>>DESOUZA: I learned this
through my experience
with paranormal cases and cases
that just didn't make sense
in the physical
world, cases that
needed a little more, a
little more inquiry in order
to be uncovered, to be truly
revealed for what they really
were.
>>NOORY: Now, during the
cases of investigations,
we have what they-- we are
called true investigators.
We have fact finders.
Is there a difference
here between them?
>>DESOUZA: Yes, there's
a huge difference.
And fact finders
are very important.
>>NOORY: And what are they?
>>DESOUZA: Fact finders
are scientists, analysts,
researchers, which
all investigators work
with these people.
We work with them.
They can even be members of
a jury or a judge in a court.
They are fact finders.
They find facts.
The problem is that we have
too many fact finders posing
as investigators these days.
Investigations, investigators
is a very different thing.
Investigators actually
have to probe truth,
go beyond the surface
level of truth.
They don't just gather facts.
They actually have
to find truth.
And they have to connect data,
connect facts, to one another,
connect clues--
clues, very important--
recognize patterns,
build profiles.
This is what true
investigators have to do.
And then at the end of all
that, true investigators
have to provide an
investigative conclusion.
And that's what fact
finders cannot do.
>>NOORY: What's more important,
a true investigator or a fact
finder?
Or are they all important?
>>DESOUZA: They're
both very important.
The problems come up when
you have fact finders that
are posing as investigators
pretending that they know how
to--
>>NOORY: To deceive?
>>DESOUZA: It provides
deceitful information at the end
because it really doesn't--
it really doesn't
get people to where
they need to get
to find out what's
really going on in these cases.
>>NOORY: Would you call
yourself a true investigator?
>>DESOUZA: Yes, absolutely.
I would call myself
a true investigator,
and there's many of
them out there as well.
And we need them to really
pierce the veil of deception
that is being put upon
us in a society where
we have information
warfare going on against us
all the time.
>>NOORY: John, how
easy is it for you
to put your foot
in the door when
you start investigating a
case, or does that door close?
>>DESOUZA: Well, it
depends on where you are.
But anybody can get a foot in
the door on any investigation
wherever they are because
of the information society
that we live in now.
You can always research
anything, basically.
You can get in.
And so much information
is out there
in the open at
this point, so you
don't need to go into
top-secret confidential files.
You don't need to go into
the black side of things,
because so much information
is out there these days
that people can really find
out about just about anything
on the open side.
>>NOORY: What are some of the
cases you've looked at lately?
>>DESOUZA: Many of the cases
I've looked at have been--
well, especially for
"The Para-Investigators,"
has been the Richard Jewell
case, the security guard
in 1996 at the Olympic games.
>>NOORY: That was accused
of bombing, right?
>>DESOUZA: Yes, who
actually discovered a bomb
and was able to save
many, many lives.
And he did it by using
his intuitive abilities,
because he discovered
a bomb where he never
looked inside the package--
>>NOORY: They accused
him of this, didn't they?
>>DESOUZA: That's correct.
And that was exactly
because we had
fact finders posing
as investigators,
and they investigated him.
And instead of finding
what really went on,
because they had no ability to
go beyond the physical world
and see that this individual
used his intuitive ability,
paranormal abilities,
to discover
that bomb in that case.
>>NOORY: And saved a lot of
lives by doing that, didn't he?
>>DESOUZA: Saved many,
many lives that day, yeah.
>>NOORY: Must have been
frustrating for him.
>>DESOUZA: It
crushed his spirit.
And he actually-- he
actually died shortly after--
>>NOORY: It ruined
him, didn't it?
>>DESOUZA: --that
entire incident.
Yes, it did.
>>NOORY: Well, you
have a new technique
for your investigative
techniques.
Explain that.
>>DESOUZA: Yeah, I've come
up with a system that I am
basically taking all over
the country to show them
a stripped-down simple
investigative technique that
anybody can use in
all of these areas--
>>NOORY: For anything.
>>DESOUZA: For anything.
But it's only
appropriate for areas
where things don't add up,
where there is deception afoot.
That's a good way of putting it.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>DESOUZA: --where
there is deception that
is going on a massive level.
And that's when my system
is appropriate for that
because it involves elements
that include examination
of cover story, usual suspects,
connecting and collecting
dispositive clues,
and then knowledge
from investigative conclusion.
>>NOORY: Can you use this
for ghost investigations,
UFO cases, Bigfoot searches--
>>DESOUZA: Yes.
>>NOORY: --all the
things like that?
>>DESOUZA: Yes, you can use
it for all of those areas
because those areas
especially are the areas where
the mainstream has absolutely
presented nothing but deception
towards us who are truth
seekers, who want to find out
what's really happening.
And so yeah, my system
of investigation
is very good for
those kinds of areas.
>>NOORY: John, talking about
investigations, the Navy
and the Pentagon have released
a video called the Tic Tac
incident, which shows a
couple Navy fighter jets,
the best in the world,
chasing an object
that looks like one of
those little Tic Tac mints.
That's why they call it Tic Tac.
>>DESOUZA: Yeah.
>>NOORY: They can't
catch this thing.
And you've got the
pilots on video.
You could hear their voices
saying, what is this?
Oh my gosh.
Look at it go.
How do you apply your
investigative techniques
into covering a story like that?
>>DESOUZA: Well, I have to
apply my investigative system
to the Tic Tac videos.
They're also called the
Gimbal videos for some reason.
I don't know why.
But it's a system where
there's a lot of things
going on that just don't add up,
things that don't make sense.
And I know that you spent
some time in the Navy, George,
so you're going to
empathize to these points
when I point them out.
And you're going to understand
what I'm talking about.
>>NOORY: Well, you provided a
video about your investigation.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> November 2004 off
the coast of San Diego,
a training exercise has begun.
The USS Nimitz supercarrier,
the largest aircraft carrier
in the world, designed
for one purpose--
to infiltrate and
annihilate enemy forces.
>>DESOUZA: The Nimitz
is one of the largest
ships we have in the US Navy.
It's so big it has enough
firepower to basically take
over an entire country.
Add to that that
the Nimitz is always
accompanied by smaller ships
of all shapes and sizes.
You're talking about a flotilla.
>> Housing over 6,000 soldiers,
the Nimitz can launch one
of its 90 deadly warplanes
every 20 seconds.
This is the US Navy
at its most extreme.
No one and no thing would
dare cross it's path,
until November 14.
A blip appears on the radar.
An unknown object crosses
the screen pushing speeds
at over 3,000 miles per hour.
Radar operators assume it's
a technical malfunction.
But then, another object
appears, and another,
and another.
[ALARM]
The Nimitz goes into high alert.
Not only are these
foreign objects
appearing near a Navy
aircraft carrier,
but they're also invading
United States airspace.
>>NOORY: Truly a
remarkable case, John.
>>DESOUZA: Yeah.
George, I know that you're
aware that the Nimitz is
one of the great
powers on the Earth.
>>NOORY: It is.
>>DESOUZA: It is an
enormous structure.
>>NOORY: It's our deterrent.
>>DESOUZA: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Yeah, really is.
>>DESOUZA: It's a
tremendous power.
And what's interesting
is that if you look up
the primary functions
of the Nimitz, of course
it's to protect
national security,
to defend against enemies
of the United States,
foreign and domestic, seek
out and destroy threats
to the United States.
>>NOORY: And it gets fighter
jets close to your target.
>>DESOUZA: Yes.
It has an ability to
project power that's--
it's almost unimaginable.
There's actually a TV show
that speculates on what
if all the military power
of the United States
disappeared except for
the Nimitz carrier group.
And it shows that the
United States would still
be a world-dominating power.
>>NOORY: Just with
that unit alone.
>>DESOUZA: Just with
that battle group.
That's how enormous
their power is.
And however, I looked up a
lot of the primary missions
of the Nimitz.
And we saw those.
Those primary functions are
defending national security,
seeking out enemies
of the United States,
and seeking and destroying.
But one of the secondary
missions of the Nimitz carrier
group is to provide a safe
and protected environment
for friendly operations,
training operations.
>>NOORY: And put
that in quotes too--
friendly operations.
>>DESOUZA: Exactly.
>>NOORY: When they saw
this Tic Tac incident
and they didn't realize
what it was initially,
like they thought it was
some kind of blip on radar
by mistake, and then all
of them started popping up,
what do you think
went through some
of those military folks' minds?
>>DESOUZA: Well, the
rank-and-file people
were probably
amazed and shocked.
>>NOORY: Scared?
>>DESOUZA: Very much so.
Very much so scared.
However, one of the red
flags, curious things
about this incident,
is that the appearance
of the anomalies over the
ocean, these Tic Tacs,
went on for two weeks
before anything was done.
It went on for two weeks,
not two days but two weeks.
>>NOORY: My god.
>>DESOUZA: So that shows
that something from the top
was being manipulated, something
where they were being held back
from investigating this thing.
And makes me believe
that maybe there
was more to this than some
unknown possible enemy
doing maneuvers in
front of the Nimitz.
>>NOORY: Let's get into
that more for this, John.
But first, Navy pilot
commander David Fravor
led the F-18s as they were
trying to deploy and find out
what these Tic Tacs were.
>> F-18 fighters are deployed,
led by top-gun Navy pilot
Commander David Fravor.
With over 16 years
flight experience
and over 3,500
flight hours, Fravor
had more qualifications than
any other pilot in the United
States at the time.
>>DAVID FRAVOR: So we were
running training exercises
before our deployment to
Iraq when we got the call
about these foreign objects.
So I ordered my guys to
suit up and go check it out.
But we never could have expected
what we were about to see.
>> Flying high above
the ocean surface,
the F-18s intercept the location
of contact 180 miles west
of the San Diego coastline.
When Commander Fravor
reaches the contact point,
he looks out of
his cockpit window
and is astonished at
what he sees below.
A craft hovers above the ocean
surface, floating in midair.
It has no exhaust, no wings or
rotors, and no apparent means
of mechanical lift.
Fravor described the
craft as an elongated egg
or Tic Tac-shaped craft, unlike
anything in the US armada.
>>FRAVOR: See, the craft didn't
have any flight surfaces on it.
There was no wings, no
tail, no jet engine.
It was just solid and white, and
it hovered like a helicopter,
so there was no rotor wash
on the surface of the water.
>> And if the presence of the
craft wasn't strange enough,
what happens next defies
all known physical laws.
The craft began moving
at instantaneous speeds,
starting and stopping
without any acceleration
or deceleration.
Commander Fravor said it looked
like a ping-pong ball scanning
across the water and that the
G-Forces of such maneuvers
should have been enough to
destroy the craft itself
or at least instantly kill
any human occupants inside.
>>NOORY: John, those
F-18 fighter pilots
are the best in the military.
They were baffled by all this.
Was it ours?
Was it some other country's?
Was it extraterrestrial?
What was it?
>>DESOUZA: That's interesting
that you bring that up, George,
because the Nimitz's primary
function is to make sure
whether something is a
threat, a national threat,
a threat to the
national security--
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>DESOUZA: --of
the United States.
And so that's another sign that
things don't quite add up here,
because their response
was not hostile.
It was less than hostile.
The procedures
that they followed
did not appear to be
the procedures that
would have been
followed by the Nimitz
doing their primary functions.
It was more like they
were just curious.
>>NOORY: These objects
were showing off.
>>DESOUZA: Yes.
Yes, they were.
And our pilots just appeared
to be curious about it,
about the thing,
instead of treating it
as a potential threat
against the United States.
So that also, again,
brings up more clues
that don't quite add up to the
situation that we're seeing.
>>NOORY: Could this be
a black ops program?
Could this be something
that we have, technology
we have created, or maybe
it's reversed UFO technology,
but it's ours?
>>DESOUZA: Yeah.
I believe it is, George.
I believe that in 2004 this
was experimental technology,
and it was really nothing more
than an experimental training
mission with these stealth
technology drones that
are going forward in this area.
Today, we have drones,
stealth technology drones,
in the open under
military service right now
that resemble these
Tic Tacs that we saw.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>DESOUZA: Very much so,
especially the one called
X-47B--
the X-47B-- those are the
names they give these things--
and variants of the X-47B, which
are stealth technology drones
that do not show on infrared.
They do not show a signature.
They do not show an exhaust
or rotor wash on infrared
because they're
stealth technology.
So that's why I'm
looking at this,
and I'm looking at the
responses of the pilots.
I'm looking at the
response of the Nimitz.
The response of the Nimitz
was more like a battle group
protecting an experimental
training mission.
>>NOORY: Well, I
was going to say,
do you think the captain of the
Nimitz was told don't worry.
This is just an exercise.
We want to see how our
pilots handle this stuff.
This is not a foreign attack
or anything like that.
Did they know that?
>>DESOUZA: I believe perhaps
at the level of the captain,
he may have been told that.
Definitely above the
level of the captain,
people did know that.
>>NOORY: Because we didn't
fire on these objects at all.
>>DESOUZA: Yeah, they
didn't fire on them.
They didn't lock on them
really for weapons systems.
They didn't really treat
them as a hostile power.
That's why I believe--
>>NOORY: That's weird.
>>DESOUZA: Yeah, it's weird,
and it doesn't add up.
That's why I believe that
this was really nothing
more than a training mission--
an experimental training
mission for friendly powers.
That's what it says.
>>NOORY: The commander
that we just saw on video,
do you think he and his other
pilots knew what was going on?
>>DESOUZA: Oh, no.
Definitely not.
>>NOORY: They did not?
>>DESOUZA: No.
>>NOORY: They weren't
brought into this thing.
>>DESOUZA: No, definitely not.
I would say anyone from the
captain on down of the Nimitz
was not brought in
to what was going on.
>>NOORY: So the commander is
being very honest when he talks
about what he thinks he saw.
>>DESOUZA: Absolutely.
The commander and everyone
else in the rank and file
aboard the Nimitz,
surely they did
believe that this was actually
a potentially hostile action.
>>NOORY: What would you say
would be your red flag which
led you to believe, eh, this
isn't exactly what people think
it is?
>>DESOUZA: Well,
there's so many.
There's so many.
One thing is the fact
that-- well, the fact
that we basically
have these drones now
in the open that are very
similar to the Tic Tacs.
>>NOORY: Style, looks,
the way they move--
everything.
>>DESOUZA: Exactly.
Well, we did this
recreation, and we
filled in the way they move.
We did a lot of
fill-ins for this
because there's several
of these Tic Tac videos.
But they haven't provided
the wide-angle camera lens
showing the movements
of these things.
Anyone who watches these videos
instinctively knows something's
wrong, because they're just
showing these things moving
in a straight line doing
nothing really extraordinary,
nothing really amazing on
the infrared Canon camera
that they're showing.
And that really tells you a lot.
That's your first great
red flag right there.
>>NOORY: How big is
the objects apparently?
>>DESOUZA: The objects were
60 feet around of diameter.
>>NOORY: 60 feet.
That's a pretty good size.
>>DESOUZA: Yeah,
that's an amazing size
>>NOORY: That's a
big drone, John.
>>DESOUZA: It's a huge drone.
And those are the ones that
we have in operation now
very similar to those, with
the stealth technology,
with the cold metal alloy
that covers up signature
so that the things
basically appear invisible.
They can be invisible
to instrumentation
of any foreign power whatsoever.
>>NOORY: Why is it that I want
to believe that these objects
are extraterrestrial?
>>DESOUZA: For the same reason
everyone wants to believe it--
because it makes it
more fascinating,
makes it more interesting.
It makes it something
more amazing to us.
That's why these videos
have been shopped around.
They've been taken around
and along with the tagline
"this proves that
we are not alone."
>>NOORY: How did this come out?
How did this come to
the public's attention?
>>DESOUZA: It was released by
the Pentagon, these videos.
And there's many of them.
>>NOORY: That's not
like the Pentagon.
>>DESOUZA: Exactly.
It's not like them at all.
>>NOORY: So there's
another clue there.
>>DESOUZA: Usual suspects, yeah.
You have to look and examine
the actions, the actions
that usual suspects are taking.
And it's not something that
the Pentagon would normally do.
But I think this was such
a massive exercise that
was so big, it involved
so many moving pieces,
that they figured they had
to release something on it.
And so they decided to control
the information this way.
>>NOORY: When these
pilots get together
after the fact, what do
you think they talk about?
>>DESOUZA: I think they talk
about the fascinating aspect
of this and the fact
that they believe
that this means we are possibly
not alone in the universe.
>>NOORY: Yes, the
pilots believe that they
are coming from some other
extraterrestrial source.
>>DESOUZA: I think they do.
>>NOORY: I think so.
>>DESOUZA: Yeah.
>>NOORY: I wonder if
we've pulled everybody
from the Nimitz or the 6,000
other military folks who
are in the battlefield
with them in that command,
I wonder what they'd say.
>>DESOUZA: I'll tell
you what they'd say.
George, if you're in
the Navy and you're
on a carrier group
like this, there's
one thing that you
really care about
that you never want to
hear, and that's call
to general quarters.
Call to general quarters.
>>NOORY: No, you
don't want that.
That's true.
>>DESOUZA: You never
want to hear that.
>>NOORY: That means there's
something big happening, fast.
>>DESOUZA: Exactly.
So I think all of-- you do those
polls of the rank and file that
were aboard the Nimitz, that's
what they felt-- rank terror,
absolute terror.
>>NOORY: Tell us about the
investigation and the cover
story that came with this.
>>DESOUZA: The cover
story is the first thing
you need to identify when
you come up on incidences
like this that are steeped
in some kind of red flags
and deception.
And the cover story
apparently is the one
that's identified by the media.
And it is, OK, folks, we have
here an incident of technology
that has become apparent to the
Nimitz that is extraordinary
and possibly
extraterrestrial in nature.
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>DESOUZA: That is
the cover story.
>>NOORY: And that's
unprecedented to release that.
>>DESOUZA: Also,
it's unprecedented
that the media reported
that all over the world.
When's the last time you saw Fox
and CNN agreeing on anything?
>>NOORY: Never.
Never.
>>DESOUZA: Exactly.
>>NOORY: Was this
done intentionally
because they want us to believe
they're extraterrestrial?
And if so, they're hiding the
technology because of that?
>>DESOUZA: Yeah.
The answer is yes to that.
I believe-- and you're
jumping ahead here.
But I believe that once you
really examine this situation
carefully, you'll see that
it is basically a deep-state
operation to take over--
it's a massive, massive
operation, a disinformation
operation, to take
over, basically,
ufology for the
cabal, to take over
the entire system of ufology--
the agenda, the issue of
ufology-- directly and put it
directly under the
control of cabal elements.
That's what I believe.
>>NOORY: Does the cabal
admit that we're being
visited by extraterrestrials?
>>DESOUZA: Well, they
want to talk about it,
and they want to gin up
fear about this in general.
That's why we see the language
being perpetuated here--
unknown alien phenomena, UAP--
unknown alien phenomena--
and unknown alien threat,
unknown alien threat.
>>NOORY: Well, would they
rather have the public, John,
think we're being visited
by extraterrestrials?
And I do believe we
probably are in some cases.
>>DESOUZA: They
figure that knowledge
is going to come forward
anyway, that there's
nothing they can do to stop it.
So they may as well
take control of it,
and that's what they're
working on right now.
>>NOORY: How will
they control it?
>>DESOUZA: By putting
forward the Gimbal videos,
the Tic Tac videos and saying
that we're on top of this are.
Our military and the United
States power is on top of this,
and we know what
we're doing with this.
>>NOORY: And giving
us a false impression
that it's extraterrestrial?
>>DESOUZA: Yes, exactly.
That's what's going on here.
>>NOORY: What benefit
would that be for them?
>>DESOUZA: The benefit
to them is basically
to take control of
an issue that they're
going to be perpetuating
more in the future
because I've got
news for you, George.
There's one of these
videos coming out.
But they've got three
so far that have
been released by the Pentagon.
But they're going to be
releasing a lot more of them--
>>NOORY: Similar?
>>DESOUZA: --and
different varieties.
Similar and different varieties.
>>NOORY: Well, you continue
to do a great job producing
these videos.
>>FRAVOR: At this point,
all I could think about
was, I want to get a
better look at this thing.
>> Fravor pilots within a half
mile of the craft and chases it
throughout the sky.
And once he locked on,
his heat-activated camera
picked up this
extraordinary footage.
>> There's a whole
fleet of them.
Look on the SA.
>> Commander Fravor and
his co-pilot converse over
their private
communication line.
>> They're all going
against the wind.
The wind's 120 knots west.
>> Look at that thing, dude.
>> My gosh.
>> The seasoned pilots
are completely baffled
by the craft's speed,
lack of heat exhaust,
and impossible maneuverability.
Then, something amazing happens.
>> Look at that thing.
>> The craft begins
rotating on its side.
>> It's rotating.
>> The pilots are shocked.
It becomes clear to
these professional pilots
that what they're witnessing
is not of this world.
>> My gosh.
>>FRAVOR: I've never seen
anything move like that.
I mean, it had no exhaust.
Every aircraft has exhaust.
Even drones have contrails that
you can see on the flare beam.
There was nothing coming
out of this to make it move.
I've seen every
aircraft on Earth,
and this thing was
not from Earth.
>>JAN HARZAN: You can
believe that there's
other life out there,
and you can believe
that it's coming here to visit.
But it's much different
than when you actually
are staring at it, because your
entire world view is shattered.
This thing shows up out
of nowhere that's not
part of your current reality.
You can't deny it.
>>NOORY: There's no question
the pilot was baffled.
>>DESOUZA: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: He's not
playing a game here.
>>DESOUZA: Oh, no.
Absolutely.
He honestly believes
what he is seeing
is possibly not of this world.
And George, you know me.
I wrote an entire book,
"The Extra-Dimensionals."
I actually believe that
some UFOs can be real.
They can be
extra-dimensional in nature.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>DESOUZA: And so I believe
alien visitor cases,
a lot of these cases are real.
They're true.
However, in this case, I
can see what adds up there.
You're watching basically
a drone just traveling
in a straight line.
>>NOORY: Looked like a
flying whale, didn't it?
>>DESOUZA: Yeah.
>>NOORY: In that video?
And however, but there's
no wide camera angle
to see all these
amazing maneuvers.
We did the recreation,
and we showed
some of the crazy maneuvers.
But we don't see it on camera.
It wasn't reported on
camera from the Nimitz.
So these things start
to add up, and we
start to see that there's
something not right
about what's going on here.
>>NOORY: Why didn't
the pilots get ordered
to fire on these objects?
>>DESOUZA: That's a
very good question.
That's a very good question.
Because that's the primary
mission of the Nimitz carrier
crew.
>>NOORY: Yeah, you're not going
to have some unidentified craft
flying around the Nimitz
and its battle group
and not do anything and
not take any action.
>>DESOUZA: Or attempt to
establish communication,
attempt to intercept.
>>NOORY: And we didn't
see any of that.
>>DESOUZA: None
of that happened.
As a matter of fact, all
of their actions were--
and I'm sure they were
ordered from the top.
These are not-- the pilots
are not making these decisions
on their own independently.
>>NOORY: Right, they're
on radio communication.
>>DESOUZA: Exactly.
So I think that they were
ordered from the top basically
to treat this as a
friendly training mission,
and that's the
environment they had--
they had to provide a
safe, protected environment
for a training mission.
And that's what I think
was going on here.
>>NOORY: If that
was 15 years ago,
what do you think we have today?
>>DESOUZA: Oh, I know
that we have-- and some
of the abilities of similar
drones we have today,
like the X-47B, some of their
abilities are still top secret.
In other words, we have
pictures of the X-47B
that people can actually compare
to these craft, the Tic Tacs.
And you can put
them side by side
and see great
similarities there,
but a lot of their abilities
are still top secret.
They're still not revealed.
And I believe that
those abilities
are the same abilities that we
saw on display here in 2004.
Now, 15 years later, the
black world is always--
we're always behind
technology about 15 years--
15 to 20 years.
So I believe that these
things are in common use now.
>>NOORY: Do you think
this video was released,
John, to show the Russians
and the Chinese, ha ha,
look what we have?
Do you think it was
something like that?
>>DESOUZA: That's an
excellent point, George,
because yeah, I do believe
that the great military powers
around the world, they actually
see these Gimbal videos,
these Tic Tac videos, and they
know exactly what's going on.
And yes, they do have
that response of,
wow, the Americans have this.
They have it in use right now.
>>NOORY: 60-foot-long
craft, drone or otherwise,
was there an occupant or
occupants inside, or was it
strictly done by remote.
>>DESOUZA: No.
No, they can't have occupants
inside these things because
of the maneuvers that
they're capable of.
>>NOORY: They're too fast.
>>DESOUZA: It would be just
too much for a human occupant.
That's why they
have to be drones.
They have to be unmanned.
>>NOORY: There'd be 10
Gs against the human body
or something like that.
>>DESOUZA: Yeah, it
would be too much.
And that's why-- because the
technology has gone forward so
tremendously that
what we have now
is just amazing in
comparison to 15 years ago.
>>NOORY: What do you think
the deep state really wants?
>>DESOUZA: The deep
state wants to acquire--
they've always had
indirect control,
but they want to acquire
direct control over ufology
as an issue, as an agenda.
And they want to manage
it, steer it, and push it
in the direction that they want.
>>NOORY: Are they doing that?
>>DESOUZA: They are doing it.
They're doing it right now.
They're doing it with
the Gimbal videos.
They're doing with the
Tic Tac videos, yes.
And they're being
very successful.
>>NOORY: How many millions
of people saw these videos?
>>DESOUZA: Oh, it's hard to say.
But a lot of people
have seen it.
>>NOORY: We had it up on the
coasttocoastam.com website.
We got like 3 million hits.
>>DESOUZA: Exactly.
Exactly.
And that's just one piece of it.
>>NOORY: One piece,
that's right.
>>DESOUZA: Yeah, and
there's going to be--
so many people are going
to see these videos,
and they're going to
listen to what they're
told about the videos,
because if you just
see the videos on their
own, you instinctively
can tell there's nothing that
extraordinary about them.
>>NOORY: Well, you
do think UFO, though,
when you see that--
zh, zh, zh, zh.
>>DESOUZA: Yeah.
And I think that's
part of the reason they
were designed that way.
That's part of the reason.
>>NOORY: What's the plan?
What do you think the plan is?
>>DESOUZA: I think the plan for
the cabal is to continue using
these videos and many more that
are going to be coming out very
soon--
they're going to be released.
>>NOORY: Different?
>>DESOUZA: Different,
but showing the same type
of technology, the
Tic Tac formation--
>>NOORY: Being
Chased by military?
>>DESOUZA: Yeah.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>DESOUZA: Possibly
being chased by military,
but actually being kept safe
by military, because that's
what really went on here.
>>NOORY: Did you
interview that commander?
>>DESOUZA: No, I
have not-- not yet.
>>NOORY: That was not--
what possessed him to go public?
>>DESOUZA: That's
another red flag.
He's not the only one.
>>NOORY: Because
they never go public.
>>DESOUZA: Right,
he's not the only one.
And why are these
Navy commanders
being allowed to
publicly talk about this
and to push forward this agenda
of "these videos demonstrate
that we are not alone," using
that mind-control language?
That's very important to push
forward an operation like this.
>>NOORY: John, the
pilot seems legit.
If we would hook him up
to a lie detector test,
I think he would pass.
>>DESOUZA: Oh, absolutely.
>>NOORY: But is it possible with
this day and age of computer
animation and everything
else, this whole thing
has been faked?
>>DESOUZA: No, no, it's not.
First, that's one
of the red herrings
that we see in this case
is that a lot of-- there
have been people who
say, oh, this was CGI.
This was a CGI operation
where the drone, the craft,
is not really there.
And that's not-- that's
absolutely not true.
That's absolutely not true.
The physical reality
of the drone being
there is actually-- it's real.
It's there.
And this really happened.
The Navy pilots are
telling the truth.
So there's no CGI involved here.
A cursory examination
shows that.
>>NOORY: Well, let's take a look
at some of the theories that
are tied into this incident.
>> When the footage was released
in 2017 by the Pentagon,
the military classified
the object as an AAV,
an anomalous aerial vehicle,
the new military term for UFO.
But this wasn't
the first sighting.
Over the following
two-week period,
the Nimitz continued to
spot hundreds of craft,
and new footage kept rolling in.
>> Oh my gosh, dude!
>> Wow!
>> What is that?
>> Look at it fly!
>> Why is it that even people
in our military who are fighter
pilots with 17 years experience,
they don't know what advanced
technology is being used?
>> Within days, internet
commenters suggested the video
might be the work of clever CGI
artists or an elaborate hoax.
But the nature of the
footage and its release
suggests otherwise.
>>DESOUZA: Let's say,
could it be a fake?
Let's say yes.
OK, it's a fake.
If it is something like CGI,
then you have to consider,
that means that every
single pilot involved
is in on the fake.
The people on the Nimitz
are also in on the fake.
People at the Pentagon who
authorized this to be released
are in on the fake.
Either way, this is
a monumental story
because you're talking
about either this
is aliens visiting us with
tech that we can't imagine
or this is a fake from the
government that somehow has
some extraordinary agenda
going forward to make
us believe in alien life.
>> To this day, the Pentagon has
no explanation for the event,
and the military's executive
report assesses that
the anomalous aerial vehicle
was no known aircraft or air
vehicle currently in the
inventory of the United States
or any foreign nation.
>>HARZAN: This is an
extraordinary event.
And taken in context with
the eyewitness testimony
of the pilot flying
the jet chasing
this thing and the
radar data from the ship
itself tracking
this thing, you've
got not only an
image but radar data
and the pilot giving
his personal testimony.
You've got three
different triangulations
that this is something
not from Earth.
>>NOORY: There's something
strange here, John.
They're being too
aboveboard with this video.
>>DESOUZA: Yeah.
>>NOORY: It's not
happened like this before.
>>DESOUZA: Exactly.
And it never has in the modern
history of the Western world
that I've ever seen.
The media has
always been ordered
to treat UFOs shows as
nonsense, as not possible--
not even in the
realm of reality.
They've always
been ordered to do
that in the mainstream media.
However, suddenly this has
changed with this operation.
Suddenly, you see Fox, and CNN,
and all the other news services
suddenly agreeing that UFOs
could be real, and especially
in this case.
So that's more red flags
that something is going on,
something that doesn't
really make sense,
that there is some
enormous group
with a lot of moving parts that
is pushing forward this agenda.
>>NOORY: There is a
bigger picture here.
What about this
possibility, John,
that they know, our government
knows and the deep state knows,
that there's going to be some
major revelation with UFOs,
maybe some encounter,
maybe something
that is so big and so
public they can't hide it?
What if they are using something
like this as an example
to say, no, folks, it's ours.
Don't worry about it--
>>DESOUZA: Exactly.
>>NOORY: --a false flag.
>>DESOUZA: Exactly, George.
I believe that's exactly
what is going on.
They already know that
something is coming forward
in the world of ufology and in
contact with alien visitors.
They know it's coming forward.
So they are trying to
use these videos to push
forward, to take control
of the entire agenda,
and to be able to
say, we've got this.
We're on top of this.
And you need to think
about this the way
that we are telling
you to think.
>>NOORY: As an investigator,
what does this do for you?
>>DESOUZA: As an
investigator, it just gives me
a great opportunity
to demonstrate
the people my investigative
system for piercing deception,
for showing that we are in an
information warfare situation
where mainstream
authorities, they're not
in the business of telling
us the truth, of giving us
the truth, of showing us the
truth, ever, in our situation
where we are right now.
>>NOORY: John, in your
investigations and the work
you do, what percent
of that is UFO related?
Break it down for me.
>>DESOUZA: I would say about
a quarter of the work I
do is related to UFOs.
>>NOORY: That's all?
>>DESOUZA: Yeah.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>DESOUZA: And then
maybe another quarter
with government
operations of other kinds.
>>NOORY: OK.
What could those other kinds be?
>>DESOUZA: Oh,
there's so many areas.
There's false flags.
There's operations
where we have situations
where things appear
to be a certain way,
and they're just not.
They're not.
And once you pierce
that top level,
that top level of deception,
you go beneath that.
>>NOORY: Are you
concerned about what's
happening out there today?
>>DESOUZA: Oh, absolutely.
I am very concerned because
I'll give you a prediction
that I know is going to
come true, because there are
going to be more of these videos
coming out and similar videos--
>>NOORY: Released by?
>>DESOUZA: Released
by the Pentagon--
released by the Pentagon.
And they are going to
show similar things.
They're going to show
extraordinary maneuvers.
They're going to
show capabilities,
because our technology
is still going forward.
It's still going to higher
levels in the black world
and in the open
military world as well.
So what I predict is that
we're going to be seeing more
of these videos, and they're
going to be associated with
the same group using the
same mind-control phrases--
"this shows that
we are not alone."
That's the source
for my concern.
>>NOORY: Is this happening
because of Tom DeLonge's group
and others like that?
>>DESOUZA: They are
a part of it, sure.
Because of his group, they are
a part of this massive system.
But there's other parts
to this system too.
There's the deputy commander
for Naval operations, who just
made a statement yesterday.
And I don't have his name handy.
But he actually made a
statement yesterday or the day
before yesterday that
he said, this video,
the Tic Tac videos, the Gimbal
videos, are actually real.
They are not CGI or
anything of that sort.
We already knew that.
He also said, oh,
the Pentagon is sorry
that this ever was released.
We shouldn't have released it.
>>NOORY: Sorry?
>>DESOUZA: Yeah.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: Who released it?
Some individual
do it by mistake?
>>DESOUZA: That's
a good question,
but he didn't answer
that question.
He only said, oh, it
should probably never
have been released.
We shouldn't have seen it, and
we regret that these things--
and yet they're going
to release more.
>>NOORY: Right.
Intentionally.
>>DESOUZA: That's my point, yes.
Exactly.
>>NOORY: Interesting
take on all of this.
When do you think
this breaks loose?
More videos come
out and more stories
come out-- when is
that going to happen?
>>DESOUZA: In the
next few months.
>>NOORY: That close?
>>DESOUZA: Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Absolutely.
We're going to have more
of these videos released,
and we're going to
have more activity
from all the different groups
that are pushing forward
the fear factor on this, having
us talk about this in terms
of unknown aerial threats--
UATs, unknown aerial threats--
to not just to our military
but to the entire nation.
>>NOORY: If, John,
this is a deception,
does that bother you?
>>DESOUZA: Absolutely,
because it's going
to be towards a wider agenda.
It's going to be spiraling into
something much, much larger
where I believe that Wernher
Von Braun's prediction is
going to come true.
And the cabal is going
to ultimately use
this agenda towards their
ultimate goal, which is going
to be fake alien invasion.
>>NOORY: Why?
For control?
>>DESOUZA: Yes, because
there's no greater way--
Ronald Reagan said--
>>NOORY: Save us.
Save us, please.
>>DESOUZA: --said in front
of the United Nations,
what would unify the world
more than an alien invasion
on the Earth?
>>NOORY: Well, he was right.
>>DESOUZA: Yeah.
>>NOORY: And they used
that phrase, I think,
as a textbook case--
>>DESOUZA: Yeah.
>>NOORY: --to say we need to
control-- look what's happening
around this planet today.
Look at Hong Kong.
Whoever thought a
Chinese-controlled town would
go that nuts with
people who want
democracy and independence?
>>DESOUZA: Exactly.
>>NOORY: Who would think that?
>>NOORY: So the
cabal is probably
saying this could happen here.
I mean, we're on the verge of
some issues in this country
as well with everything
that's been going on.
>>DESOUZA: Exactly.
>>NOORY: Maybe this is their
way of trying to control us
by scaring the living
daylights out of us,
and they're talking
about holographic UFOs.
They're going to do everything.
This is going to be a
full-blown campaign, isn't it?
>>DESOUZA: Exactly.
And what better way to
unify the entire world
behind the cabal
than alien invasion,
whether it's true or not--
hostile alien invasion?
And so I think that's what
we're facing ultimately
down the road.
That's what's so alarming.
>>NOORY: Do we have
that technology
that you saw on that video?
>>DESOUZA: Right now I
believe that we do, yes.
And it is in the military.
It is in Navy
operations right now.
But a lot of the abilities,
though, are still classified,
top secret.
We can see pictures of the
drones that resemble these
very much so, but a lot of
this stuff is still classified.
So we have to look at it
from that angle as well.
>>NOORY: If you were going to
be telling younger people--
15-year-olds,
20-year-olds-- about this,
and they look at
it, and all of them
will think this is
real and authentic,
what would you tell them?
>>DESOUZA: I would
tell them, it's
great that they are looking at
these things with an open mind,
open heart to really see
what it potentially could be.
But that's exactly what the
cabal is using against us--
our creative imagination,
our creative ability.
And so I would tell
them also to look
at these things with an
investigative eye as well--
not just collecting
the data, not just
collecting the facts, but
to examine these things
with an investigative bent
so that they can actually
ferret out the truth of
what's really going on.
>>NOORY: How do people
track your work, John?
>>DESOUZA: Oh, they track me on
my website, johntamabooks.com.
>>NOORY: Spell that out for us.
>>DESOUZA: John,
T-A-M-A, books, dot com.
And also on my
Facebook, my Twitter.
I'm traveling all
over the country,
doing these conferences and
taking the investigative word
forward.
>>NOORY: Well, you keep
doing what you're doing.
We need you, John.
>>DESOUZA: Thank you
very much, George.
>>NOORY: It's an amazing
story, whether that's
real, faked, or otherwise.
What do you think?
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]